V-TAPP 2019
Events Proposed by CSE Department
Secure Coding
Want to be the programmer what hot tech companies are looking for?
Take your programming skills to the next level and prove your excellence by learning how to succeed in programming
competitions.
Besides improving your knowledge of algorithms and programming languages, you’ll gain unique experience in problem
solving, thinking outside the box and meeting tough deadlines and securely coding – all essential for boosting your
value as a programmer. If you think yourself as a good programmer who can write code without any flaw, here is an
opportunity for you to prove your skillset.
Two rounds
Online Prelims
Online Main

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested programming. The numbers of registration are
limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

Think Smart challenge
Think Smart challenge is a programming challenge that will test your product development skills.

This event will be conducted in two phases -
1. To propose
2. To implement

Participants are supposed to propose solutions to the given problems / themes and then implement the same within the
given time frame.

Themes / Problems will be launched prior to the event.
This Competition registration is open for all students who are hackathons. The numbers of registration are limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150



Python Programing challenge in V-PROPEL
Come check your python programming skills which will help you gain experience and knowledge for industry placements.
This Competition registration is open for all students who are good at programming in Python. The numbers of
registration are limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

V-TAPP 2019
Events Proposed by ECE Department

CIRCUITRONICS (Theme – Design of a Practical Application)
Round 1: (Identification of given application)
This is a pen and paper round. The teams will be given a set of questions that have to be answered in the given time.
The questions will be in the form of MCQs, riddles, puzzles, component identification, etc. The time of completion will
be noted and the top 20 teams that get the maximum correct answers in the least amount of time qualify for the 2nd
round. The outcome of this round should be the identification of the given application and its circuit diagram/design of
required components.
Round 2: (Software simulation of the circuit)
Each team has to do a simulation and verify the functionality of the designed circuit within the given time. The teams,
which successfully produces the desired output will qualify for round-3.
Round 3: (Hardware prototype building)
Breadboard based hardware prototype has to be built within the given time. This has to produce the desired output and
match the output of software simulation done in round-2.

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in circuits. The numbers of registration are
limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

ELECTROHUNT (Theme – Treasure Hunt and Circuit Building)
Electrohunt is basically a technical event that resembles treasure hunt. The event consists of two rounds given as
follows. There is no specific time limit for each round. However, time limit is there for completing overall contest.

Round 1: (Chasing the Treasure)
Each team has to chase the treasure and find the components related to a circuit that are kept at different places of
the University based on the hints/riddles/puzzles given to them. The teams came back with all the components will
qualify for round-2 immediately they chased the treasure.
Round 2: (Software simulation of the circuit)
With the identified components, they should build the given circuit and show the desired output. Those who finish the
total task first will be the winners.
This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in circuits. The numbers of registration are
limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

WARDUINO (Theme – Coding and Implementation Contest)
This is an Arduino based contest. The event provides a platform to compete and unveil the real engineer within oneself.
The teams will be given with a question, for which they need to develop the code and build a prototype using Arduino
boards within the specified time. The team who builds the working model first will be the winner.

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in building prototypes using Arduino based
Solutions. The numbers of registration are limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

VIOTicon (Theme – IoT Solution for Social Entrepreneurship)
The participants will be provided with a social problem that is presently one of the major concerns of our locality. The
participants have to come up with an innovative and feasible solution of the given problem, and convert it into a
start-up at their level. They have to pitch their idea in front of the panel of judges and have to answer the questions
regarding their idea and its feasibility in real life.

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in building IoT Solutions. The numbers of
registration are limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

ROBOMANIA (Theme – Robo Expo)
This is a robo expo contest. The teams will showcase their robos that are developed for various applications. The panel
of judges will evaluate the best robos based on its development procedure, purpose, practical application, societal
benefits, etc.

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in building robots. The numbers of
registration are limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150




V-TAPP 2019
Events Proposed by VSB Department


Best Manager
A manager is to an organisation what a Honeybee is to a Bee hive, instilling purpose into their flights like a honeybee
that collects nectar, a manager should also be equally resourceful, patient and persistent. Those are just a few from
the list of must-haves for a manager.
V-TAPP 2019 Best Manager event, is where it all gets real and tough. Survival through a nexus of most challenging rounds
will only tell what mettle you behold. The event of Best Manager will explore the intellectual capability of a budding
manager, his/her decision making skills and behaviour will be evaluated under stressed condition. A two-day event, a
battle with some of the best brains across the country and the ladder to victory is all it takes to dig out the Best
Manager this year in 2019.

Event will have 4 rounds in total.

Self-introduction to be done by video and send it to us in the first week of March 2019 before 5 days from the event.
Written Test - GK - Current Affairs – etc
Case Study to be prepared and presented
Stress Interview - Final Round


This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested management. The numbers of registration are
limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

V-TAPP 2019
Events Proposed by Mechanical Department

Design of Electric Two Wheeler

This competition is related with the design of a concept two wheeler for Indian conditions. The
proposed design is for the student’s segment.

Skill required to participate is knowledge of Solid Works.

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in Designing. The numbers of registration are
limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

V-TAPP 2019
General Events
Game-A-Thon

Game-A-Thon (GAT) is one of our annual gaming meet. Apart from gaming, students also get to socialize and interact with
other persons from various communities and backgrounds. GAT has been in huge success in the gaming community and has
built an immense platform for players from across the country to meet during V-TAPP 2019.

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in gaming. The numbers of registration are
limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

Smartphone Film making
V-TAPP is organizing a movie making competition to bring forth the issues of social injustice. They are looking for
outstanding works on Human rights, Women rights, Child rights, Disability etc. to be expressed to the wider audience.
Grab your smart phones and bring life to the amazing ideas roaming inside your head to win exciting prizes.

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in Film making. The numbers of registration
are limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

Photography VIT-AP
If you think that you are a good photographer, here is an opportunity. Take your camera and capture each and every
stunning moment and win exciting prizes.

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in Photography. The numbers of registration
are limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

Paper and Poster Presentations
A “Paper Presentation” means an academic exercise where you demonstrate your grasp of the Research Methodology through a
sample Research Paper, on a well-defined theme, showing past work done by others, indexed in accordance with citation
protocol, and a summary that shows the state of knowledge as it stands just before you start your study, a hint of what
you have been able to identify as the possible hypothesis emanating from your limited study, and suggesting a proper
Research study for validation or rejection of the Hypothesis. You can include possible methodology for the study, any
innovative approach which you may propose, without compromising the need for objectivity in the study, and any other
special features that you want the audience to know. The Paper should be a mini version of a Standard Research.  

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in presenting their novel work. The numbers of
registration are limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150

Just-in-Time (Technical)
If you are a good technical speaker and want to debate your technical on technical side. Here is an opportunity for you
to test your technical skills.

This Competition registration is open for all students who are interested in technical debate. The numbers of
registration are limited.

The fee for the Competition is: Rs 150